# 22-04-2025 (Course Table Structure and Versioning Predicament)

I've spent a lot of time figuring out how to deal with the course versioning problem; my original scraper only did one semester, but now I'm looping it over multiple semesters and inserting them into a database. Because I'm using SQLAlchemy and an ORM, I need to make sure I clearly have my database structure defined. Because I'm also including courses from multiple semesters, I need to make sure I deal with changes properly. However, a problem quickly arose when I considered that the ITP department changed their name in Spring 2025 from ITP to TAC. As a result, I needed to take into account that the fields in a course can change over time, including what I was previously using at their Primary Key.

I also wanted to find a clean and space-efficient way to only track necessary changes; I first incorporated a STARTTERM and ENDTERM field, showing when a specific iteration of a course with its fields changes or not. I would also have to incorporate a CourseOfferings table, dealing with whether a course was offered in a semester or not (because it may not change from Spring 2024 to Spring 2025, but it also may not be offered in Fall 2024). All of these additional approaches would have introduced additional logic overhead and unnecessary complication for the database itself, making it not human-readable to anybody who wasn't me. So, I'm just going to add a SEMESTER field and a UID field for a unique auto-increment ID and a semester to track every possibility of the course, making the primary key the CRS_UID and the CRS_SEMESTER.

I should now just be able to work on the ORM and deal with traditional bugs relatively easily.
